Our strategy mostly involved working around the interrupts for max growth plants and fires. The bot attempts to move towards the tile that triggers an interrupt, checking along the way whether we can plant, water or burn tiles. While the bot is heading towards it’s destination we also checked the growth of the plant. If the plant’s growth was high we would harvest and then plant a new seed in the now empty tile.

In our implementation, we want to make sure we deal with interrupts 1 by 1, and we don’t want to get distracted by new interrupts that fire while we’re moving, which could cause the bot to abruptly change directions. so we assign a destination variable and check that it is nonzero, only getting new destinations after we arrive at our destination. However, we want to make sure that we do not forget about new interrupts that happen on the way to the destination, so we use a queue with 100 spaces for locations. The queue simply wraps around when the elements fill up, so that we do not need to shift our data every time we want to pop, instead just updating a tracker for the current location of the queue’s head. We also keep track of the last element in the queue, so if they’re the same we know there is nothing to check.

Our puzzle solver is simply using the provided code, and we request new puzzles as soon as the old one is finished, and this all happens in the interrupt, so that we can be sure we finish the puzzle as soon as possible. First we check if we have enough seeds so we can continually plant. Then we check if we have enough water to put out fires and to water plants. If we have enough of both seeds and water we check for fire starters. Since the movement requires no code to happen, we can continue moving while the puzzle is being solved. 

When there are fires, we check our current distance to the existing fire location, and if the distance between our current location and fire location is greater than the length of half of the map, we ignore the fire as it is too far away from us. Another time we ignore fires is if we are running low on water, since there is not going to be much we can do about the fire in that case.

